# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
consoles.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
property.rb lines 16 to 34

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
4, 13, 22, 31 ,33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
because sql takes care of that so we can't duplicate it by mistake or if 2 people create an instance at the same time.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
line 32 of property.rb
by grabbing the id from the database and adding it to the object

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
So it doesn't return a nil if id hasn't been created yet.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
because some of them should be used on instances and others on classes...


Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
a hash

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
to stop a sql injection attack/ make sure we are using the right data structure.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
